Suggestion: Add multiple servers section (#95)
bump-sh/docs: docs/help/specifications-support/multiple-servers.md

# Multiple Servers

Both REST or Event-Driven APIs may run on different servers (production, staging, sandbox).

And both [OpenAPI](https://spec.openapis.org/oas/v3.1.0#server-object) and [AsyncAPI](https://www.asyncapi.com/docs/reference/specification/v2.6.0#serverObject) provide field `servers`, where more than one server can be defined.

With multiple servers support, it’s now possible to render these different servers in documentation.

## Setting multiple servers

Until now, only first server was extracted and displayed.
And maybe, as documentation owner you'd like to keep this behavior, and not expose your sandbox server url in your API documentation.

To activate multiple servers on your documentation, there is a field to check on setting page:

![multiple servers setting](/files/help/multiple-servers--setting.png)

## Render multiple servers

> When this setting is activated, and when your specification contains several servers, then your documentation will display a list of all servers,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When this setting is activated and your specification contains several servers, your documentation will display a list of all servers,
```

accessible by this url: `${documentation_url}/servers`

By default, first server is used to generate all curl examples on your documentation.

You can select a different server from this selection component:

![multiple servers component](/files/help/multiple-servers--component.png)

> For REST API documentation, url of selected server is used to generate curl example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For REST API documentation, url of selected server is used to generate curl examples.
```

> For Event-Driven API documentation, no curl request, but protocol and protocol versions are updated in function of the selected server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Event-Driven API documentation, no curl request but protocol and protocol versions are updated regarding the selected server.
```

> By sharing current url of your documentation, all visitors with this link will see documentation with the selected server,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By sharing current url of your documentation, all visitors with this link will see your documentation with the selected server,
```

thanks to query parameter `server_id`.

:::info

> For REST API, alternative servers can be defined for every [OpenAPI Operation Object](https://spec.openapis.org/oas/v3.1.0#operation-object):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For REST APIs, alternative servers can be defined for every [OpenAPI Operation Object](https://spec.openapis.org/oas/v3.1.0#operation-object):
```

> > An alternative server array to service this operation. If an alternative server object is specified at the Path Item Object or Root level, it will be overridden by this value.

Reviewer: Not sure what you're trying to say in the first sentence.

Author: 🙈  Not my fault, it's a quote from https://spec.openapis.org/oas/v3.1.0#operation-object

![image](https://github.com/bump-sh/docs/assets/32060402/e6f86e3b-f5c7-41e8-b8c0-1636617dd0bc)

I can be more explicit with

> `operation.servers`: An alternative server array..

Reviewer: Since we're describing a feature instead of defining a table, it would be better to have a normal sentence here.

# Multiple Servers

> Both REST or Event-Driven APIs may run on different servers (production, staging, sandbox).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Both REST and Event-Driven APIs may run on different servers (production, staging, sandbox).
```
Both ... and ...
OR
Either ... or ...

Author: I've included all other suggestions below, but here, I find 
"Both REST and Event-Driven APIs may run on different servers (production, staging, sandbox)." clear and simple to start the page, I'd favor to keep it (with the fix of typo of course 😅 )

And both [OpenAPI](https://spec.openapis.org/oas/v3.1.0#server-object) and [AsyncAPI](https://www.asyncapi.com/docs/reference/specification/v2.6.0#serverObject) provide field `servers`, where more than one server can be defined.

With multiple servers support, it’s now possible to render these different servers in documentation.

## Setting multiple servers

> Until now, only first server was extracted and displayed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
I would remove this line: the doc describes the current state of the product, and disregards what was before.

And maybe, as documentation owner you'd like to keep this behavior, and not expose your sandbox server url in your API documentation.

> To activate multiple servers on your documentation, there is a field to check on setting page:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To show the list of servers on your documentation, activate the setting from the Settings tab of your documentation administration panel:
```
